Update MSDocs for ACS Web UI Library teams interops file-sharing (#110431)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/concepts/ui-library/includes/web-ui-use-cases.md

|              | Show changes to the chat title                               |
| Participants | Show a participant roster                               |

\*Microsoft Teams allows users to share attached image files that are stored behind authenticated servers, that may require additional configuration when using the UI Library to learn more about this, please refer to the storybook page for [Teams Inline Image](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-inlineimage--inline-image#inline-images).

> \*Certain inline GIF encodings and videos may not be supported by the UI library at this time, the user might receive a static image instead and this is a known issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*Certain GIF images may not be supported by the UI library at this time, the user might receive a static image instead and this is a known issue. In addition, the Web UI library does not support videos at this time.
```

> \*Microsoft Teams allows users to share file attachments as part of chat messages. These files are stored in SharePoint or OneDrive and require authentication to access them. Depending on the file's sharing permissions (e.g., Anyone, Everyone in your Organization, People you choose, etc.), ACS users in the Teams Interop meeting who try to access the shared files will be redirected to a SharePoint web page and prompted to authenticate in order to access the file. To learn more about this, please refer to [File Sharing Permission](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/solutions/microsoft-365-limit-sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web UI library currently supports the following file permissions:
  - "Anyone", and
  - "People you choose" (with email address)
The Teams user (sender) should be made aware of that all other permissions (such as "People in your organization") aren't supported. The Teams user should double check if the default permission is supported after uploading the file in their Teams client. In addition, The Teams admin could impose policies that limits or disable this feature entirely (such as having file sharing disabled or having certain permission disabled).
```

> \*Microsoft Teams allows user to share file attachments as part of chat message, these files are stored in SharePoint or OneDrive that require authentication to access those files. Depending on the file's sharing permission (eg. Anyone, Everyone in your Organization, People you choose, etc...) ACS users in the Teams interopability meeting that trys to access the shared files will be navigated to a SharePoint web page and prompted authentication to access the file. To learn more about this, please refer to [File Sharing Permission](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/solutions/microsoft-365-limit-sharing)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\*Microsoft Teams allows users to share file attachments as part of chat messages. These files are stored in SharePoint or OneDrive and require authentication to access them. Depending on the file's sharing permissions (e.g., Anyone, Everyone in your Organization, People you choose, etc.), ACS users in the Teams Interop meeting who try to access the shared files will be redirected to a SharePoint web page and prompted to authenticate in order to access the file. To learn more about this, please refer to [File Sharing Permission](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/solutions/microsoft-365-limit-sharing)
```

> \*Inline Image and File Attachment support is currently in public preview. Preview APIs and SDKs are provided without a service-level agreement. We recommend that you don't use them for production workloads. Some features might not be supported, or they might have constrained capabilities. For more information, review [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews.](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*Inline image and file attachment support are currently in public preview. Preview APIs and SDKs are provided without a service-level agreement. We recommend that you don't use them for production workloads. Some features might not be supported, or they might have constrained capabilities. For more information, review [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews.](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/)
```

|              | Show changes to the chat title                               |
| Participants | Show a participant roster                               |

> \*Microsoft Teams allows users to share attached image files that are stored behind authenticated servers, that may require additional configuration when using the UI Library to learn more about this, please refer to the storybook page for [Teams Inline Image](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-inlineimage--inline-image#inline-images).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\*Microsoft Teams allows users to share attached image files that are stored behind authenticated servers, which may require additional configuration when using the UI Library. To learn more about this, see the storybook page for [Teams Inline Image](https://azure.github.io/communication-ui-library/?path=/docs/examples-teamsinterop-inlineimage--inline-image#inline-images).
```

> \*Certain GIF images may not be supported by the UI library at this time, the user might receive a static image instead and this is a known issue. In addition, the Web UI library does not support videos at this time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\*Certain GIF images might not be supported by the UI library at this time. The user might receive a static image instead, and this is a known issue. In addition, the Web UI library doesn't support videos at this time.
```

> The Web UI library currently supports the following file permissions:
>   - "Anyone", and
>   - "People you choose" (with email address)
> The Teams user (sender) should be made aware of that all other permissions (such as "People in your organization") aren't supported. The Teams user should double check if the default permission is supported after uploading the file in their Teams client. In addition, The Teams admin could impose policies that limits or disable this feature entirely (such as having file sharing disabled or having certain permission disabled).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Web UI library currently supports the following file permissions:
  - "Anyone", and
  - "People you choose" (with email address)
  
The Teams user (sender) should be made aware that all other permissions (such as "People in your organization") aren't supported. The Teams user should double-check if the default permission is supported after uploading the file in their Teams client. In addition, The Teams admin could impose policies that limit or disable this feature entirely (such as having file sharing disabled or having certain permissions disabled).
```
